[Autogenerated] That's it for this module we've built on
this simple and to end example in the previous module on
introduce more advanced concepts,
which should be enough to take spring cloud contract into your organization.
This includes explaining how we can create in support,
multiple contracts, how we can use rejects too much and dynamic data,
and how spring cloud contract gives us a rejects
obstruction that makes it simple.
And we've also introduced to consumer and produce,
um, efforts,
explaining how we can have granular control over both
sides of the interaction in our contract.
Finally, we've lit a decentralized contract repository,
explaining how it could be used to decouple contracts from their micro services,
demonstrating how keeping everything together like this makes our
micro service interactions easier to reason about.
In the next module will start using Spring Cloud contract to
implement message driven applications.
Learning how to test drive asynchronous communication in this way
through contracts is a very powerful concept that will help us deliver mocha service based systems more rapidly